Notes.md, before:


# Default logic

There's a connection between our negation-stratification and default logic's "exceptional" construction.

# Defeasible logic

There's a connection between proving decidability of our rules and defeasible logic's separation between logic and "defeasible" inference.

# Three-valued logic

Is there a connection between our "Maybe Quantity" (ambiguous roles) with 3-valued logic?


# CONTRIBUTIONS

- Type-checked prosody rules
-
- Deciding derivability
  ⇒ proof-by-computation for automatic closed-term proving
- Deciding non-derivability
  ⇒ provably the most "unmetrical" lyric of Homer :)

# BIBLIOGRAPHY


# TODO

- Decidability: higher in the relation tower
- Syllabification
- Consider punctuation? (e.g. comma, apostrophe)
- Work on chars/strings instead of enum Letters

# DUMP

- Alternative definition of synezesis
```agda
module _ {A : Type} {P : A × A → Type} (_⊗_ : A → A → A) where
  map× : (xs : List A) → Any× P xs → List A
  map× (x ∷ y ∷ xs) (here px) = (x ⊗ y) ∷ xs
  map× (x ∷ xs@(_ ∷ _)) (there ∃p) = map× xs ∃p

SynezisedDiphthong : Pred₀ (Syllable × Syllable)
SynezisedDiphthong = {!!}
    -- ∙ x ends in vowel
    -- ∙ y begins in vowel

_-synezizes¹-_ : List Syllable → List Syllable → Type
sys -synezizes¹- sys′ =
  ∃ λ (∃p : Any× SynezisedDiphthong sys) →
    sys′ ≡ map× _++_ sys ∃p
```

Commit message:

Computing all derivations (up to verse 15)
- separate verses file
- pretty-printing derivations
- better/smarter allMeters/allHexameters/allDerivations
    * still does not enumerate all possible *proofs*,
      rather all possible derivable *hexameters*
- interactively showing (all) derivations

Notes.md, after:


# Default logic

There's a connection between our negation-stratification and default logic's "exceptional" construction.

# Defeasible logic

There's a connection between proving decidability of our rules and defeasible logic's separation between logic and "defeasible" inference.

# Three-valued logic

Is there a connection between our "Maybe Quantity" (ambiguous roles) with 3-valued logic?


# CONTRIBUTIONS

- Type-checked prosody rules
-
- Deciding derivability
  ⇒ proof-by-computation for automatic closed-term proving
- Deciding non-derivability
  ⇒ provably the most "unmetrical" lyric of Homer :)

# BIBLIOGRAPHY


# TODO

- Definitions: simplify Foot/Meter with less indices

✓ Decidability: higher in the relation tower
✓ Decidability: all hexameters
- Decidability: optimize allHexameters / option2 from allHexameters

- Tooling: rendering proofs

- Tooling: Haskell compilation
  + compile Agda ~> Haskell
  + wrapper/glue code (parsing JSON or whatever)
  + driving the system/decision procedures with a CLI etc...

- Syllabification
  + Work on chars/strings instead of enum Letters
- Consider punctuation? (e.g. comma, apostrophe)

# DUMP

- Alternative definition of synezesis
```agda
module _ {A : Type} {P : A × A → Type} (_⊗_ : A → A → A) where
  map× : (xs : List A) → Any× P xs → List A
  map× (x ∷ y ∷ xs) (here px) = (x ⊗ y) ∷ xs
  map× (x ∷ xs@(_ ∷ _)) (there ∃p) = map× xs ∃p

SynezisedDiphthong : Pred₀ (Syllable × Syllable)
SynezisedDiphthong = {!!}
    -- ∙ x ends in vowel
    -- ∙ y begins in vowel

_-synezizes¹-_ : List Syllable → List Syllable → Type
sys -synezizes¹- sys′ =
  ∃ λ (∃p : Any× SynezisedDiphthong sys) →
    sys′ ≡ map× _++_ sys ∃p
```
